README.md, before:

# sp23-cs411-cmp-team001-dreamToStream

## Permission
You should make sure you allow TAs to access your repository. You can add TA(s) as a collaborator to your repository.

## Preparing for your release
Eash submission should be in it's own [release](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases). Release are specific freezes to your repository. You should submit your commit hash on canvas or google sheet. When tagging your stage, please use the tag `stage.x` where x is the number to represent the stage.

## Folder Structure
- docs: This folder contains all the Stage submissions for the project as defined in the Project requirements
- front_end: This folder contains the Node.js files used to render the application front end within GCP
- data_migration: This folder contains all the csv files gathered from the course for Amazon Prime Titles, Disney+ Titles, Hulu Titles, and Netflix titles. Also, are the Python files used to migrate all the data into the team's GCP MySQL Instance.
- sql: This folder contains the SQL statments used for the developed Trigger and Stored Procedure used on the current database in GCP.

## Code Contribution
|        Member          |           Role         |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
|      Anthony Doan      |      Developer: GCP/Backend/Frontend   |
|     Divya Manirajan    |      Developer: GCP/Backend/Frontend   |
|      Mohammad Zayyad   |      Developer: GCP/Backend/Frontend   |
|   Rohan Sreenivasan    |      Developer: GCP/Backend/Frontend   |

Commit message:

Upload stage 6 documentation and provide link to final demo video

README.md, after:

# sp23-cs411-cmp-team001-dreamToStream

## About DreamToStream
Dream to Stream is an application that combines the Shows and Movie tables from Netflix, Hulu, Disney+, and Prime Video. With the provided data, users now have a centralized area to see what’s available to them. Using our application dreamToStream, users can create, retrieve, update, and delete their Show and Movie ratings, see what Movie/Show are available to them in their country, and do a mesh with a fellow user to see comparisons between Movies and Shows both have rated.

## Folder Structure
- docs: This folder contains all the Stage submissions for the project as defined in the Project requirements
- front_end: This folder contains the Node.js files used to render the application front end within GCP
- data_migration: This folder contains all the csv files gathered from the course for Amazon Prime Titles, Disney+ Titles, Hulu Titles, and Netflix titles. Also, are the Python files used to migrate all the data into the team's GCP MySQL Instance.
- sql: This folder contains the SQL statments used for the developed Trigger and Stored Procedure used on the current database in GCP.

## Code Contribution
|        Member          |           Role         |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------- |
|      Anthony Doan      |      Developer: GCP/Backend/Frontend   |
|     Divya Manirajan    |      Developer: GCP/Backend/Frontend   |
|      Mohammad Zayyad   |      Developer: GCP/Backend/Frontend   |
|   Rohan Sreenivasan    |      Developer: GCP/Backend/Frontend   |

## Link to Final Demo Video
https://mediaspace.illinois.edu/media/t/1_9kopurpv
